DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded by these
mysterious evil Mechtogan,
who were intent on destroying everything!
Cordegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker, and Mandibor were their names.
and leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is gonna take our freedom.
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah, this is the final stand \u266a
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
\u266a The power's in your hands
\u266a 2.0 worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan \u266a
Another Wiseman.
Gunz.
(Laughing) Playing dress-up now, are we?
We're taking the Brawlers down, then you.
I doubt that very much.
(Shouting)
(All shouting)
(All screaming)
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
SPATTERIX: What?
STRONK: They just disappeared.
What did you just do?
I got rid of them just like I said I was going to.
I can't believe you don't relish the irony of those who banished
you to the Doom Dimension eons ago being trapped there now
themselves to rot for eternity.
MUTABRID: You robbed us--
SPATTERIX: Of our vengeance.
You promised us the brawls.
And their Bakugan partners.
You're lying, cheating scum.
We won't let you get away with any of this.
(All screaming)
(All grunting)
(Grunting)
(Both grunting)
You guys okay?
We're good. Yeah, we're okay, too.
(Speaking gibberish)
I know you're supposed to tuck and roll,
but I was trying to cushion Marucho's fall, okay?
I can see why they call this place the doom dimension.
SHUN: No kidding, sensei. I've never seen a place as grim as this.
(Speaking gibberish)
Yeah, I hear you, pal.
Does anyone else feel funny inside?
Kind of like everything is twisting and shrinking?
SHUN: It's an amplified sense of despair you're feeling
from being so deep inside the Doom Dimension.
I wish there was something we could do to shake it.
We're taking the brawlers down, then you.
Sorry, you guys. We wouldn't be here if
Gunz hadn't challenged Mechtavius Destroyer.
What are you talking about, Reptak?
Are you saying that the red suited Wiseman we saw
was really Gunz in disguise?
I'm sure of it this time.
I must have driven him to it by turning my back on him.
Huh, you think so?
We need to keep our focus here on how we're going to get out.
Huh, Drago.
You teleported yourself out of here once before, right?
That's true. Let me try it again.
(Grunting)
Blast.
What happened?
Sorry, guys.
If Drago's powers aren't enough to get us out of here,
then we're in really serious trouble, guys.
There must be another way, right, Dan?
For sure, we just have to find out what that is.
TREMBLAR: Traitor! You're going to pay for
all the lies you to to trick us into helping you.
Huh, is that right?
We're not afraid of you.
Don't think we won't tear you apart.
I am taken aback by your hostility.
And to think, I was about to offer you
the gift of eternal life.
You mean in the Doom Dimension with the Brawlers?
(Chuckling) Of course not.
That would be a punishment.
What do you take me for?
No, my silly little Nonets. The eternal life I offer you
is isn't in the Doom Dimension,
but rather, as part of me.
What?
Come and give your worthless lives so you can be
part of the greater glory of being me.
Scatter!
(Shouting)
The sacrifice I ask for is miniscule compared
to the gift I offer in return.
(Grunting)
Your lives are mine whether you give them voluntarily
or force me to take them.
(Screaming)
(Shouting)
Huh?
(Grunting)
I see you! (Shouting)
You can't escape me.
(Laughing)
It's okay. Looks like the coast is clear.
BETADRON: I'm not gonna go down like this, not here.
KODOKOR: Relax Betadron. We're going to make those
scumbag Mechtogans sorry they ever met us.
STRONK: You said it, pal.
We can do this if we work together.
MUTABRID: Exactly.
SPATTERIX: Let's not forget it was the Mechtogan who served
the Bakugan, not the other way around.
Well then, since we all agree now.
Let's take this fight to Mechtavius Destroyer
and finish him off.
SPATTERIX: That's what I'm talking about.
STRONK: You and I should combine so we can give him a double thumping.
Hold on, let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.
I fight way better without your weighing me down, okay?
Are you serious?
Enough you two.
Save your energy for the battle with Mechtavius Destroyer.
You're going to need it.
Exactly.
SPATTERIX : Fine.
STRONK: Yeah, okay. It's time to fight.
Yes. Victory will be ours.
(Laughing)
I see you have finally come to your senses.
If you think we'll lie down without putting up a fight,
you're even crazier than we thought you were,
Mechtavius Destroyer.
Well, if it's a fight you want, it's a fight you'll get.
(Grunting)
Let me have the first crack. Time to throw down.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand.
Rise Pyrus Spatterix!
(Grunting)
Now, Spatterix.
What exactly do you want me to do here?
He's hitting us with more power than I was expecting.
We need to pick the perfect move.
Shoot me next. I'm telling you, I can help out here.
No one asked you for your help.
We're doing just fine here. Now beat it.
Stronk's right. You two need to combine.
Fine, whatever. Let's get on with it, Stronk.
Ready!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise Subterra Stronk.
Ready, buddy?
Let's do it.
Bakugan fuse.
(Grunting)
Fusion ability activate!
Mag Extreme.
(Grunting)
Whether separate or combined,
your attacks are useless against me.
Oh, yeah? Well, we're just getting started.
Fusion ability activate. Hah!
Mega Spindle.
(Shouting)
(Grunting)
Oh, what's wrong? Did that one sting a little bit, big guy?
Finish him. Fusion ability activate.
Power Ditch.
(Shouting)
(Groaning)
I think we'll be the ones to get your powers now.
(Shouting)
SPATTERIX: That's right.
STRONK: Keep going.
Do it.
SPATTERIX: With pleasure.
(Shouting)
SPATTERIX: Oh, yeah.
STRONK: I told you we were good together.
You make me laugh.
(Grunting)
What?
BETADRON: Get us in there.
MUTABRID: Yes, we'll combine, too.
Fine, then.
Bakugan brawl!
Baku Sky Raiders, jump!
Rise, Darkus Kodokor.
(Roaring)
Rise, Darkus Mutabrid.
Rise, Darkus Betadron.
Bakugan, unite!
(All grunting)
More insects to crush.
(All shouting)
(All grunting)
(Groaning) That didn't go well.
Oh, really. Do you think? Let's go again.
(Whimpering)
(Shouting)
(Grunting)
Sorry, but your days of combining are over.
Mutabrid.
(Grunting)
We need to try combining again.
Betadron, Kodokor.
Are you sure? You're hurt really badly.
I'm fine. Now, quite arguing and just do it!
Okay, then. I'm ready.
(Groaning)
(Panting)
(Laughing)
(Shouting)
(Screaming)
Mutabrid!
Oh, no, no, no.
There's no retreating into ball form for you.
(Screaming)
Leave him alone!
I'm sorry, brothers,
but you'll have to add me to the list of those to avenge.
Destroy him!
Mutabrid!
I'm gonna make you pay.
(Laughing) That was tasty.
Mutabrid, no!
My brother.
SPATTERIX: Don't just stand there moaning.
Let's make him hurt for what he did.
He's right.
Here comes the pain.
(Laughing)
Keep on laughing, gigantor, because pretty soon
you're going to be choking on your tears.
Yeah!
That's right.
Alright, you ready, Tremblar?
100%.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand.
Rise Haos Tremblar!
(Laughing)
Bring it on. All of you!
You heard him.
Let's show him Mutabrid's demise wasn't in vain.
WISEMAN 2.0: Don't give up. Vengeance will be ours.
Mechtogan will pay for what they did to us.
(Grunting)
Say goodbye!
Fusion ability activate! Mag Max!
(Grunting)
(Shouting)
Fusion ability activate. Mega Spindle!
Pathetic.
A little help here.
Ability activate. Goliath Floogle!
(Grunting)
What's this?
Ability activate. Mist Burn!
Mega Spindle!
(Shouting)
(Groaning)
BETADRON: We destroyed his shield!
(Laughing) Are you sure about that?
What?
Hit him again. Harder this time.
Got it.
Let's do this.
Ability activate. Battle Smasher.
Heavy on the smasher.
Ability activate. Dark Anthem.
(All grunting)
(Grunting)
Now, you're really starting to get on my nerves.
Come on, get in there, Tremblar.
Ready.
Ability active. Boost Floogle.
Right.
You annoying little gnat.
I think I'll take your energy next for my collection.
Then come and get it, if you think you can.
Ability activate. Grudge Cannon!
(Shouting)
(Grunting)
Go down, you!
Never! (Shouting)
(Grunting)
(Screaming)
Tremblar!
BETADRON: He just absorbed all of Tremblar's energy.
SPATTERIX: I don't believe it.
(Roaring)
(All screaming)
(Grunting)
(Both grunting)
STRONK: This looks bad.
SPATTERIX: Don't you dare give up the fight.
If you punks are done, you might as well go to
the Doom Dimension.
BETADRON: What?
If your heart isn't in it here,
you might as well go fight Drago.
Only a coward turns and runs.
We'll get our chance to fight Drago.
But it'll have to wait until after we take down this creep.
Kodokor's right. We're not going anywhere.
Good, that's exactly what I wanted to hear.
Now let's get back to the task at hand.
So, who wants to be next?
Decisions, decisions.
(Grunting)
I don't believe it, not even a dent.
This is hopeless.
I can't believe you still have doubts, Betadron.
You, in the Wiseman suit, take him to the Doom Dimension.
He can help you get your vengeance against the Brawlers.
WISEMAN 2.0: What? I'm not leaving.
Quit trying to be a hero.
We're a little outgunned here.
If you don't leave now you may never have another chance.
(Grunting)
You heard him. Get out of here.
(Laughing)
Go on, I'm serious.
Otherwise all of this will have been for nothing.
(Grunting)
I don't know what to say.
There's nothing left to say, Betadron.
(Groaning)
Let's go.
Good luck, my brothers.
You ready?
Of course.
(Groaning)
Mag Max, hah!
Tomb Sonic, hah!
Such a sad little effort.
(Grunting)
(Both grunting)
Fixed Defense.
What are you doing?
I'm running interference.
What?
(Shouting)
He's too powerful for you to take on alone.
Why are you just standing there?
Kodokor, this is insane.
There's no time to argue.
When we takes me down there will be a huge blast,
just like with the others.
Make sure you're ready for it, understand?
Use it to your advantage to get the jump on him.
I understand.
Here it comes!
Kodokor.
(Screaming)
I'm gonna take you with me, scum.
In your dreams. (Grunting)
(Screaming)
(Shouting)
(Grunting)
That was tougher than it should have been.
I'm gonna make you suffer for everything you
put my brothers through. (Shouting)
(Grunting)
You're going down.
(Laughing)
Is that it?
You seriously overestimate your abilities.
Perhaps it's time I remind you of who is superior.
(Screaming)
(Grunting)
(Shouting)
(Both grunting)
(Laughing)
Come on, Stronk. We have to get back up and combine again.
Quickly, before he attacks again.
Are you sure? I thought you didn't like battling
when you were combined with me.
(Both groaning)
Yeah, well, what can I say?
You're the best partner I ever had.
(Grunting)
BOTH: Huh?
(Laughing)
Are you sure you want to do this?
Absolutely.
Okay, then.
Here we go.
Okay, listen up.
We have to put our heads together.
Right.
There must be another way out of here.
MARUCHO: We have to stay positive.
Yeah, 'cause the bad vibes in this place
are really bumming me out.
WISEMAN 2.0: I'm afraid I can't let you leave.
What?
BETADRON: Not without facing us in battle.
The only way out is through us.
DAN: You mean you came here and risked getting trapped
just to fight us?
Well, Brawlers, some things are worth the risk.
Unreal.
You're totally insane.
Is your need for revenge really that strong?
Well, Shun, you'll find out the answer to that soon enough.
\u266a
Gunz.
DAN: We thought things had taken a turn for the worse
when we got banished to the Doom Dimension,
but we were wrong.
Like a couple of maniacs, Betadron and Wiseman 2.0
came after us.
Betadron was still obsessed with taking down Drago
for what his ancestors did to the Nonets eons ago
and Wiseman 2.0, who's really Gutz,
wants to get even with me because he thinks
I turned his partner Reptak against him.
The problem is, I can't battle Wiseman 2.0 with my full might
because I promised Reptak we'd get him back to
his normal self as Gunz.
Tune in and you'll see exactly what it's like to be
between a rock and a hard place.
I'm really hoping Drago and I can keep it together.
\u266a